LAST TIME, ON "YU-GI-OH! GX"...
TELL US ABOUT THIS
NEW DECK OF YOURS.
WELL THERE'S A REASON
I UNVEILED IT TODAY.
SEE, LAST WEEK I PAID
A VISIT TO DUEL ACADEMY,
AND GET THIS:
THERE'S A STUDENT THERE WHO
TOTALLY COPIED MY DECK!
HUH?!
NOW WHETHER
YOU LIKE ME OR NOT,
THERE'S ONE FACT THAT NO ONE
OUT THERE CAN DISPUTE:
I'M THE BEST!
I CAN'T BE BEAT!
AND TO PROVE IT,
I'M CHALLENGING
THIS SCHOOLBOY!
A WISE CHOICE.
YEAH, YOU WERE RIGHT.
I HAVE TO BEAT
THAT JADEN KID.
IT'S THE ONLY WAY!
MY ENTIRE CAREER
IS ON THE LINE HERE!
GLAD YOU AGREE.
BUT DUELING JADEN
WASN'T MY IDEA.
THIS RIVALRY
WAS DETERMINED BY
THE HANDS OF FATE.
NOW BRING ME YOUR DECK.
I'D LIKE TO PEER THROUGH
THE DOORS OF DESTINY.
I ACTIVATE MY D-TIME CARD!
SO THANK YOU!
YOU TRIGGERED THIS TRAP
WHEN YOU DESTROYED
MY PHOENIX ENFORCER!
WHEN IT LEAVES THE FIELD,
I CAN UNLEASH A NEW BREED
OF HEROES FROM MY DECK!
THEY'RE KNOWN
AS THE DESTINY HEROES!
FIRST I'LL PLAY MY CLOCK TOWER
PRISON FIELD SPELL!
NOW HANDS OF FATE TURN,
AND USHER IN THE DOOM!
DESTINY HERO-DOOM LORD,
SEND HIM PACKING!
WITH IMPENDING DOOM GRIP!
HEY, WHAT DID YOU DO
TO MY WINGMAN?
HE'S GONE!
YEAH, BUT NOT FOR LONG.
YOU SEE, EACH TURN,
MY DOOM LORD CAN SEND
ONE OF YOUR MONSTERS
TWO TURNS INTO THE FUTURE!
THAT DOESN'T
EVEN MAKE SENSE.
TO YOU.
BECAUSE YOU'VE GOT A LOT
TO LEARN ABOUT DESTINY.
AND UNFORTUNATELY FOR YOU,
RIGHT NOW
I'M CONTROLLING YOURS.
AND YOUR FUTURE'S
LOOKING PRETTY GRIM!
[LAUGHING]
♪ CHILLING OUT WITH
THE CREW IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOT TO
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES, HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON
TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GENERATION NEXT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE
AND WIN THIS FIGHT ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE SOMEHOW ♪
♪ YEAH, YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ COME ON AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
YOU THINK THINGS
ARE INTENSE NOW?
WELL, JUST WAIT!
MY MOVE!
WHOA, CHILL OUT!
DON'T YOU KNOW
WHAT "TIME" IT IS?
TIME TO GET A NEW WATCH!
BUT DON'T WORRY.
I HAPPEN TO HAVE A CLOCK!
AND IT'S TICKING
TOWARDS YOUR DEFEAT!
THAT'S QUITE
THE TIMEPIECE.
YES,
EXQUISITE WORKMANSHIP.
WHAT'S THE DEAL?
YEAH, JADEN
CAN'T TELL TIME!
CONFUSED?
WONDERING WHY I PUT
A GIANT CLOCK ON THE FIELD?
WELL, I WOULDN'T WANT
TO RUIN ALL
THE SUSPENSE FOR YOU,
SO YOU'LL HAVE TO WAIT.
THAT'S COOL. NO BIGGIE.
BECAUSE WHATEVER
THAT THING DOES,
I'M PRETTY SURE
I'VE GOT THE CARDS
IN MY DECK TO STOP IT.
WRONG.
NO ONE CAN STOP
THE HANDS OF FATE.
DON'T BE SO SURE!
I SUMMON WROUGHTWEILLER
IN ATTACK MODE!
NOW SIC 'IM, BOY!
THANKS FOR THE HELP!
NOW I CAN PLAY THIS!
IT'S MY DESTINY SIGNAL!
THAT'S
REAL ORIGINAL.
I HEARD THAT!
YOU'RE JUST BITTER
THAT I HAVE THE UPPER HAND!
WELL, I CAN'T SAY THAT
I BLAME YOU.
BECAUSE AFTER ALL,
IF YOU HADN'T TRIGGERED
MY TRAP CARD,
I WOULDN'T
BE ABLE TO SUMMON
A NEW DESTINY HERO
TO THE FIELD!
MEET CAPTAIN TENACIOUS!
AND THAT'S NOT ALL!
NOW THAT THE INTRODUCTIONS
ARE OUT OF THE WAY,
THE CAPTAIN CAN DEMONSTRATE
HIS HIDDEN TALENT!
HIT IT!
TALENT?!
WHAT'S HE GOING TO DO,
PLAY THE KAZOO?
GO AHEAD, MAKE JOKES.
BUT BELIEVE ME,
I'LL HAVE THE LAST LAUGH!
NOW, CAPTAIN!
SHOW TIME!
LET'S GIVE THIS AMATEUR
A TASTE OF WHAT
YOU CAN REALLY DO!
HEY, THAT'S DOOM LORD!
WHAT'S GOING ON,
BASTION!?
SCIENTIFICALLY SPEAKING,
JADEN'S GETTING
HIS BUM KICKED!
THANKS FOR THE TECHNICAL
EVALUATION.
WHAT TO DO?
AH, HERE'S AN IDEA.
I'LL SUMMON ANOTHER
DESTINY HERO!
MEET DIAMOND DUDE!
AND LIKE HIS FRIENDS,
HE'S GOT A TALENT!
HE LIKES TO PLAY
CARD TRICKS!
SO I'LL FLIP A CARD.
AND IF IT HAPPENS
TO BE A SPELL,
IT GOES TO THE GRAVEYARD
TIL MY NEXT TURN!
WELL, WOULD YOU
LOOK AT THAT.
IT'S MY MISFORTUNE
SPELL CARD.
AND HOW APPROPRIATE.
BECAUSE NOW MISFORTUNE'S
IN YOUR FUTURE!
NOW WHO SHOULD
I SIC ON YOU NEXT?
I KNOW! MY DIAMOND DUDE!
THIS TIME YOU HELPED ME!
BECAUSE WHEN
WROUGHTWEILLER'S
DESTROYED,
HIS ABILITY ACTIVATES!
AND I GET BACK
AN ELEMENTAL HERO,
PLUS POLYMERIZATION!
IS THAT SUPPOSED
TO SCARE ME OR SOMETHING?
SORRY! NOT GOING TO HAPPEN!
NOW CAPTAIN TENACIOUS!
ATTACK HIM DIRECTLY!
I'LL PLACE THIS
LITTLE NUMBER FACEDOWN
AND THEN CALL IT A TURN.
IT'S ABOUT TIME.
SPEAKING OF "TIME,"
IT SURE DOES FLY
WHEN YOU'RE HAVING FUN!
TOO BAD "TIME'S"
ON MY SIDE TODAY!
ENOUGH WITH THE "CLOCK"
REFERENCES.
ALL RIGHTY, "TIME"
TO SUMMON MY BUBBLEMAN!
AND JUST WAIT
TIL HE "CLOCKS" YOU!
SEE, I CAN MAKE
WITTY PUNS, TOO!
ANYWAY, NOW I CAN
DRAW TWO NEW CARDS,
THANKS TO BUBBLEMAN'S
SPECIAL EFFECT!
THEN I PLAY THIS!
BUBBLE BLASTER!
WHICH DOUBLES
MY HERO'S STRENGTH!
NOW BUBBLEMAN,
ATTACK WITH BOMBARDING
BUBBLE BARRAGE!
SORRY TO BURST YOUR BUBBLE,
BUT IT'S TRAP TIME!
GO D-SHIELD!
UNH!
D-SHIELD. MY HEROES
NEVER LEAVE HOME WITHOUT IT!
AND YOU CAN SEE WHY,
RIGHT?
BECAUSE NOW
CAPTAIN TENACIOUS
CAN'T BE DESTROYED
IN BATTLE!
HE MAY BE ANNOYING,
BUT HE'S GOOD.
ASTER TOOK A MONSTER THAT
RESURRECTS OTHER MONSTERS
AND MADE IT INVINCIBLE!
GUESS THAT'S WHY
THEY PAY HIM THE BIG BUCKS.
WHY DON'T YOU LET ME
TAKE IT FROM HERE?
WAIT A SEC!
SINCE TWO TURNS PASSED,
I GET MY WINGMAN BACK!
CONGRATULATIONS.
BUT IF YOU REMEMBER,
I GET A CARD BACK, TOO.
THE ONE IN MY GRAVEYARD.
MY MISFORTUNE!
OR SHOULD I SAY,
YOUR MISFORTUNE!
BECAUSE WHEN
MY BATTLE PHASE SKIPS,
HALF THE ATTACK POINTS
OF ONE OF YOUR MONSTERS
COMES RIGHT OUT
OF YOUR LIFE POINTS!
AND I CHOSE YOUR WINGMAN!
YOU TURNED HIM
AGAINST ME!
THAT WAS LOW.
Both: NO JOKE!
THERE'S MORE.
REMEMBER MY DOOM LORD?
WELL, HE'S ABOUT TO CUT
YOUR LITTLE REUNION SHORT
BY SENDING
YOUR WINGMAN PACKING!
DON'T WORRY.
HE WON'T BE GOING TOO FAR.
JUST TWO TURNS
INTO THE FUTURE.
AGAIN?!
POOR JADEN.
THANKS TO ASTER'S
DESTINY CARDS,
HE'S LOST CONTROL
OF HIS OWN MONSTERS.
I'VE NEVER SEEN HIM
LIKE THIS.
THIS DUEL IS REMARKABLE.
IT BREAKS EVERY KNOWN
FORMULA.
JADEN CAN'T MAKE A CHOICE
BECAUSE ALL OF HIS MOVES
HAVE BEEN PRE-DETERMINED!
Sartorius:
I CAN SEE YOUR STRUGGLE.
EVERYTHING YOU'VE
EVER BELIEVED IN
HAS TURNED OUT TO BE A LIE.
THERE ARE NO CHOICES.
FREEDOM IS BUT AN ILLUSION.
FOR YOU SEE, MY YOUNG FRIEND,
DESTINY HAS LED YOU TO ME.
JADEN! I HAVE INFUSED
ASTER'S DECK WITH THE TRUTH!
AND WHEN HE DEFEATS YOU
IN THIS DUEL,
YOUR EYES WILL FINALLY OPEN.
SOON YOU SHALL WALK
ALONG THE PATH OF LIGHT!
BY MY SIDE.
LET'S TRY THIS AGAIN,
SHALL WE!?
AH, AH, AH.
HOW MANY TIMES
ARE YOU GOING TO FORGET
THE 9-STORY CLOCK
TOWERING ABOVE YOUR HEAD?
HUH?
IT'S 9:00 O'CLOCK.
THE COUNTDOWN TO YOUR DEFEAT
IS ALMOST OVER!
YOU HEAR THAT BELL,
DON'T YOU?
WELL, IT TOLLS FOR YOU!
Aster: TOLD YOU
YOU WERE DESTINED TO LOSE.
NOW DO YOU BELIEVE
IN DESTINY?
WHAT'S WRONG,
PRESSURE GETTING TO YOU?
YOU KIDDING!?
GUYS LIKE ME
LIVE FOR PRESSURE!
IT KEEPS ME AT THE TOP
OF MY GAME!
ANYWAY,
I'VE BEEN LOOKING
FOR A SERIOUS CHALLENGE
EVER SINCE THIS
SEMESTER STARTED!
PLUS WITH ALL THESE NEW
DESTINY HEROES OF YOURS,
I'M PICKING UP
SOME SWEET STRATEGIES!
DUDE,
YOU GOT TO GET OUT MORE.
AND BESIDES, YOU COULD
NEVER HANDLE A DECK LIKE MINE,
SO STICK TO YOUR OWN HEROES.
MY DESTINY HEROES
ARE THE ROCKINEST
DUDES IN THE GAME.
THEY'RE WAY
OUT OF YOUR LEAGUE!
GIVE ME A BREAK.
I MEAN, SURE,
THEY'RE COOL AND ALL,
BUT I WOULDN'T CALL THEM
THE "BEST IN THE GAME!"
I'D WATCH WHAT I SAY
IF I WERE YOU!!
ALL RIGHT.
I'LL WATCH MYSELF
SAY THIS!
BUBBLEMAN! BOMBARDING
BUBBLE BARRAGE!
SEE YA!
YOWZER!
NOW THAT WAS
A GOOD OLD-FASHIONED
HIND WHOOPING!
THINK YOU'RE TOUGH!?
WELL, WAIT TIL MY CAPTAIN'S
SPECIAL ABILITY KICKS IN!
BIG DEAL.
I PLAY CLAYMAN!
NOW GIVE ME
YOUR BEST SHOT!
IF YOU INSIST!
CAPTAIN,
TIME TO DO YOUR THING!
BRING BACK OUR OLD PAL,
DOOM LORD!
DIAMOND DUDE!
TIME FOR YOUR SPECIAL EFFECT,
MY MAN!
SINCE I JUST FLIPPED OVER
A SPELL CARD,
I CAN USE IT NEXT TURN
ONCE I STORE IT
IN MY GRAVEYARD.
AND IN THE MEANTIME,
DOOM LORD,
STRUT YOUR STUFF!
FLOAT THAT BUBBLE-BOY
INTO THE FUTURE!
SEE YOU IN TWO TURNS.
NEXT I'LL HOOK UP
CAPTAIN TENACIOUS
WITH RING OF MAGNETISM!
OF COURSE,
LIKE MOST BLING-BLING,
IT COMES WITH A PRICE.
THE RING BEARER HAS
TO GIVE UP A FEW POINTS.
THE UPSIDE IS
YOU'RE ONLY ALLOWED
TO ATTACK THE MONSTER
THAT'S WEARING THE RING!
HAH...
Bastion:
NOW JADEN'S FORCED
TO ATTACK A MONSTER
THAT'S INVINCIBLE!
WHAT'S HIS PROBLEM!?
LET JADEN DUEL!
WHAT'S WRONG?
FEEL LIKE
YOU'VE LOST CONTROL?
NOT QUITE! NOW--
SORRY, BRO,
BUT I CALL THE SHOTS!
AND MY "TIME" HAS ARRIVED!
[CLOCK STRIKES]
AAH!
Voice-over: I DON'T KNOW
WHAT THAT CLOCK'S ABOUT TO DO,
BUT I BETTER ACT FAST!
HERE GOES SOMETHING.
IT'S FUSION TIME!
SO I'LL COMBINE
MY ELEMENTAL HERO
WILDHEART
WITH MY NECROSHADE,
IN ORDER TO CREATE
MY NEWEST HERO!
SO GIVE IT UP...
FOR ELEMENTAL HERO
NECROID SHAMAN!
YOU REALLY CALL
THAT FREAK A HERO?
SORRY, DUDE,
BUT THAT THING DOESN'T EVEN
REGISTER ON THE HERO SCALE!
DON'T YOU WANT TO HEAR
HIS SPECIAL ABILITY?
NO.
WELL, I'M GOING TELL YOU
ABOUT IT ANYWAY!
I GET TO SACRIFICE
A MONSTER
FROM YOUR SIDE
OF THE FIELD!
AND SUMMON
A REPLACEMENT MONSTER
FROM YOUR GRAVEYARD!
SO GOODBYE,
CAPTAIN TENACIOUS,
AND HELLO, MISTER AVIAN!
ATTA BOY!
EXCELLENT MANEUVER
THERE, SOLDIER!
DITTO!
NOW KICK HIM TO THE CURB,
ACADEMY-STYLE!
WELL SAID, SYRUS.
FINISH HIM OFF, JAY!
SHAMAN! ATTACK!
HUH?
WELL, WELL, WELL.
LOOKS LIKE
I'M STILL STANDING.
I WONDER IF IT HAS
SOMETHING TO DO
WITH THIS CLOCK BEHIND ME.
YOU KNOW, THE ONE
I'VE BEEN TALKING ABOUT
FOR THE PAST 11 MINUTES!?
IT'S ABOUT TIME
I TOLD YOU WHAT IT DOES.
AS LONG AS IT'S HERE,
I CAN'T LOSE
A SINGLE LIFE POINT!
I'M INVINCIBLE!
OH, MAN.
CAN'T SAY
I WAS EXPECTING THAT.
I'LL THROW DOWN
TWO FACEDOWNS
AND CALL IT A TURN.
ALL THESE MONSTERS,
AND JADEN GETS
HIS BUTT KICKED
BY A CLOCK!?
NO. IT'S MUCH WORSE.
YOU SEE, CHAZZ,
ASTER'S LEARNED
TO CONTROL TIME ITSELF!
TAKE A LOOK.
HERE COMES A BLAST
FROM YOUR PAST!
NOW I UNDERSTAND!
ASTER BELIEVES
THAT EVERYTHING
IS PREDETERMINED!
SO HE CONTROLS
EVERY PART OF THE DUEL!
WHOA, THAT'S SO DEEP.
HERE COMES SOMETHING ELSE
FROM THE PAST.
MAGICAL STONE EXCAVATION!
SO NOW,
I TOSS OUT TWO CARDS,
AND A SPELL CARD RETURNS
FROM MY GRAVEYARD.
WHICH ONE?
YOU REMEMBER MY MISFORTUNE CARD,
DON'T YOU?
I CHOOSE A MONSTER OF YOURS.
AND THEN HALF OF
ITS ORIGINAL ATTACK POINTS
COME RIGHT OUT
OF YOUR LIFE POINTS!
SHINING FLARE WINGMAN!
TAKE JADEN DOWN!
Both: JADEN, NO!
YOU ARE JUST SO PREDICTABLE!
I PLAY MY DE-FUSION!
AND BURIAL FROM
A DIFFERENT DIMENSION!
NOW WHO'S IN CHARGE!
FIRST I CAN TAKE ANY MONSTER
THAT'S TRAVELED THROUGH TIME
AND SEND IT TO MY GRAVEYARD!
BUT NOT BEFORE I DEFUSE IT
TO GET BACK SPARKMAN
AND FLAME WINGMAN.
SO YOUR MISFORTUNE
HAS NO TARGET!
OH, WELL.
GOOD STUFF, HUH?
OHH.
SACRE BLEU!
WHO'S THE MAN?
I AM!
AND HERE'S WHY, BRO!
I PLAY FUSION GATE!
NOW I CAN FUSE MONSTERS
WITHOUT POLYMERIZATION!
AND SINCE THIS IS
A NEW FIELD SPELL CARD,
IT CANCELS OUT
BIG BEN OVER THERE.
HEY, ASTER!
SOUNDS LIKE THE BELL
IS TOLLING FOR YOU NOW!
SO HOW'S IT FEEL!?
AWESOME!
I WAS HOPING YOU'D DO THAT!
YOU WERE?
DID YOU HONESTLY BELIEVE
I'D LET YOU MAKE
A DECISION OF YOUR OWN?
I WANTED THIS TO CRUMBLE!
TO RELEASE THE MONSTER
HIDING INSIDE!
AND NOW, COME ON OUT,
DESTINY HERO, DREADMASTER!
IT WON'T BE MUCH LONGER NOW.
IF YOU THOUGHT
MY OTHER HEROES WERE COOL,
WAIT TILL YOU SEE
WHAT THIS GUY CAN DO!
THERE'S A REASON
THEY CALL HIM DREADMASTER!
Aster:
WHEN DREADMASTER'S SUMMONED,
THE FIRST THING HE DOES
IS DESTROY ANY
OF MY NON-DESTINY HEROES!
THEY'RE NOT WORTHY
TO BE IN HIS PRESENCE.
THAT'S NOT ALL.
IT GETS WORSE.
NEXT I CAN BRING BACK
DOOM LORD
AND CAPTAIN TENACIOUS.
OH, YEAH.
DREADMASTER'S ATTACK POINTS
ARE EQUAL
TO THE COMBINED POWER
OF EVERY DESTINY HERO
ON THE FIELD!
NOT BAD!
I'VE GOT TO ADMIT,
YOUR MONSTERS JUST GET
COOLER AND COOLER!
BUT I'VE GOT
A SWEET HERO OF MY OWN!
SO I FUSE
CLAYMAN AND SPARKMAN
TO FORM ELEMENTAL HERO
THUNDER GIANT!
AND HE'S GOT
A SPECIAL EFFECT, TOO!
HE DESTROYS ONE
OF YOUR MONSTERS
AS LONG AS IT'S ORIGINAL
ATTACK POINTS
ARE LOWER THAN
MY THUNDER GIANT'S.
SO DIAMOND DUDE,
YOU'RE OUTTA HERE!
NOW, THUNDER GIANT,
ACTIVATE STATIC BLAST!
SORRY, DUDE!
GO, DREAD BARRIER!
WHEN DREADMASTER IS SUMMONED
TO THE FIELD IN ATTACK MODE,
DREAD BARRIER KICKS IN,
PROTECTING ALL DESTINY HEROES
FROM DAMAGE.
GREAT.
IT'S HOPELESS, MAN.
LISTEN.
YOU SEE, YOUR DUELING SKILLS
MAY NOT BE HALF BAD,
HOWEVER,
THERE'S SOMETHING I HAVE
THAT YOU'LL NEVER HAVE:
PURPOSE.
A REASON TO DUEL
BESIDES HAVING FUN.
WHAT ELSE IS THERE?
TYPICAL.
YOU'VE JUST PROVEN MY POINT.
THE REASON I DUEL
IS TO BRING JUSTICE TO THE WORLD
BY PUNISHING PEOPLE WHO THINK
THEY'RE ABOVE THE LAW!
AH, COME AGAIN?
Aster: I'M GUESSING
YOU NEED AN EXPLANATION.
MY FATHER WAS A DUELIST, TOO.
HE WORKED AS A CARD DESIGNER
FOR MR. MAXIMILLION PEGASUS.
MY DAD PUT HIS HEART
INTO EVERY DESIGN HE CREATED.
HE WAS MY HERO.
WHAT HAPPENED?
SOME PUNK TOOK HIM AWAY!
DAD? WHERE ARE YOU?
DAD!
THEY MUST HAVE BROKEN IN.
AND NOW HE'S GONE.
THAT'S AWFUL.
HOLD UP!
DID YOUR DAD DESIGN--
THAT'S RIGHT.
MY FATHER CREATED
THE DESTINY HEROES!
THEY WERE THE LAST CARDS
HE EVER MADE.
DADDY.
MY FATHER TAUGHT ME
THAT JUSTICE WOULD
ALWAYS PREVAIL.
BUT HE WAS WRONG.
JUSTICE IS A LIE.
THEY STILL HAVEN'T
FOUND HIM MY DAD.
HE'S GONE!
AND WHOEVER TOOK HIM AWAY
IS STILL OUT THERE!
YET ANOTHER CRIMINAL
WHOSE ACTIONS HAVE GONE
UNPUNISHED!
IT'S NOT FAIR!
SO I MADE A CHOICE.
I'D DUEL TO BRING
LAWBREAKERS TO JUSTICE!
AND IN HONOR OF MY FATHER,
I USE THE VERY CARDS
HE CREATED
TO PUNISH THESE EVILDOERS!
AND THAT'S WHY I DUEL!
AND SOMEDAY,
I'M GOING TO FIND THE SCUM
THAT KIDNAPPED MY FATHER
AND MAKE HIM PAY
FOR WHAT HE DID!
AND I'LL KNOW HIM
AS SOON AS I SEE HIM.
HE'LL HAVE A RARE CARD.
THE ONE HE STOLE
WHEN HE TOOK MY DAD!
IT WAS THE LAST CARD
MY FATHER MADE.
WHOEVER HAS IT
IS GOING TO REGRET
THE DAY HE WAS BORN!
ASTER, YOUR DAD
MADE THOSE CARDS
SO PEOPLE COULD
USE THEM FOR FUN!
HE WOULDN'T WANT YOU
USING THEM FOR REVENGE!
YOU DON'T KNOW
ANYTHING ABOUT HIM!
BUTT OUT!
LOOK, MY FATHER
DESERVES JUSTICE
AND I'M GOING
TO MAKE SURE HE GETS IT!
DIDN'T YOU HEAR WHAT I SAID?
HE WAS MY HERO!
AND NOW I FINALLY HAVE
A CHANCE TO BE HIS!
WHERE WERE WE?
OH, I REMEMBER!
WE WERE AT THE END!
IT'S BEEN A REAL BLAST,
JADEN!
FINALLY THE CHOSEN DUELIST
BELONGS TO ME!
DREADMASTER!
SEND JADEN OUT WITH A BANG!
OH, WELL. TOLD YOU.
YOU CAN'T HIDE FROM DESTINY.
All: JADEN LOST!
Both: HIS CARDS!
Voice-over:
SOMETHING DOESN'T FEEL RIGHT.
♪ CHILLING OUT
WITH THE CREW IN
THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE ♪
♪ NEVER LOOKING
TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL,
BACK AT CLASS ♪
♪ THEY NEVER
TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOTTA
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES,
HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON
TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON,
GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, COME ON
AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪